Copeland Carter
week 6 group problems
I did these myself

1. The raft is pushed down (and hopefully to the side) into the water opposite the direction the diver jumped. The diver is pushed (by their legs) up and out. The diver exerts a force on the raft, the raft accelerates down and back, the diver accelerates up and out, and how much in both cases depends on their masses (jumping off of a raft lighter than you tends to lead to the raft shooting out and you looking like an idiot)

2. The racquet actually does feel a recoil, but it doesn't swing back because the ball is not significantly heaver than the racquet. Hitting a wall protrusion with a racquet does do exactly that (and is quite fun). When the racquet hits the ball, the racquet feels a force oppsite it's velocity, as it's imparting it's inertia to the ball. The ball just feels a big force forwards (and up? I don't play tennis).

3. SPACE!! YAY!! WELL,
A rocket in space is imparting force on it's exhaust. Only air-breathing engines require atmosphere to run in, and that's just because they use fans and the oxygen in the air for combustion. In rocket fuel, you have to bring your own oxidizer for combustion because there is no air (or no appreciable air, anyway). That's why you can't have "rechargable" (as opposed to refuelable) rockets, because they need something to push off of to get 𝚫V, and in space you loose whatever you're pushing off of (because if you collect it, it imparts that same force back on you again)
That's also why ion engines are so efficient, because you're moving a little bit of mass REALLY fast, so you're getting more use out of your fuel.
I like space stuff.

4. There's gravity pulling the book down, and the normal force pushing the book up. Yes, I would thing this is an action-reaction pair. No reason I can think of why it wouldn't be.

5. They both (since their each pushing) exert a force off of each other, and they both go away from each other. The way I see it, there are 4 forces here. Person A's force away, and Person B's normal force of their push, which are going in the same direction, and Person B's push force, and Person A's normal force from their push, which are going in the same direction.

6. The fatter person would move less, and because of that the skinnier person would move more. Because the fatter person has more inertia.

7. This is essentially the same situation as #5 and #6, except instead of pushing a person, you're pushing the earth (cause the wall is grounded), and it has more mass than you (insert yo mama joke here). Also, the wall isn't pushing back, so theres just 2 forces instead of 4 now (and gravity, I suppose, but it's balanced out).

8. Alright. So you have gravity (downwards), anti-gravity (upwards), your legs pushing your foot against the ground (backwards), and the friction of the person's shoe against the ground (forwards, I think).

9. Same principal as the rocket in #3. The shotgun shell and pellets are like the exhaust, less mass than the thing it's grounded to (the person firing), but high velocity, which means high thrust. Or decent thrust. However you want to define "high". Noticeable thrust, at least.

10. .22 rounds have less mass than a .45 round. Exactly the same as all the other questions. Force = mass * acceleration. More mass, more force.

